General criteria (personal)

Personality / demeanor / personal appearance (Flexible and easy to get along with, an adaptable, impression about appearance)
Communication skills (Listens, understands and express him/herself well)
Attendance and promptness (Observes assigned working hours, is conscientious)
Self-control (Maintains composure and performs well under pressure)
Organization and time-awareness (Sets and observes own priorities for the best use of his/her time)

Developer

Junior  Dev
Responsibility (Responsible personality. Assigned tasks are taken care of without waiting for team lead. Escalate to team lead only when you don't know what to do)
Desire to work (Person takes initiative with responsibility. Eager to learn and improve skills. Demonstrates urge to make the project/work a success)
Ability to learn (Demonstrates constant progress. Learns from previous experience. Can resolve issues in which she/he does not have experience yet)
Engineering basics (Solid understanding of the basics of technologies, approaches, methodologies specific to the position/project (as defined by the Team Lead))
Productivity (Demonstrates swift execution and urge to do even better / exceed expectations)
Communication skills (Clearly and swiftly can express his thoughts within the team (also in English))
Intermediate level of English
Loyalty (Demonstrates loyalty to the company and its goals. Demonstrates long term vision within the company for himself. Involved in company life (business & leisure))

Middle Dev
Think wider (Think beyond the assigned tasks, possibly beyond the project)
Good understanding of technologies that are frequently used within his area of technology
Basics of frequently used patterns
Good coding quality (Stable working code. No need to re-work. Easy to read & maintain)
Firm understanding of work process (Scrum, project starting, expectation management, etc.)
Quality close to customer demands (The customer should demonstrate satisfaction with the quality)
Ability to efficiently communicate with client
Ability to help juniors
Realistic estimations
Improved Productivity
Independent execution of most work - Able to perform most work without supervision with positive result.

Senior / TL Dev
Can execute all tasks independently (Technical tasks, escalations, customer expectation management, etc.)
Looking beyond the horizon (Anticipating future needs of the company. Taking timely actions)
Confidence in approaching a new thing (Can do approach. Belief in ability to accomplish the task)
Able to efficiently manage client expectations
Charismatic Leadership (Understanding of the position of others, lateral approach. Positive attitude)
Ability to motivate
Ability to control execution
Ability to guide juniors in estimate
Ability to stimulate growth in team members  (Giving a push in the right direction, giving opportunity to take responsibility)
Ability to optimally delegate work
Knowledge of process technologies used in company
Deep understanding of technology
Sound understanding of architecture
Ability to break work in to parts
Highest  level of personal productivity
Maintains a balance between team productivity and profitability
Lead juniors / middle in communication with customer
